Privacy Policy
This service is intended for use as is. We make no guarantees about the accuracy of the data provided by the service. We are not responsible for any damages or losses that may result from the use of the service.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our service.
If you choose to use our service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use
While using our service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to email, name, and profile URL. The information that we collect may be used to contact or identify you.

Google User Data
We may accesses, use, store, and/or shares Google user data solely to the extent necessary to provide the service. We may also access, use, store, and/or share Google user data that is publicly available or that the user has made available.
We may use this data to identify users, provide personalized features, improve the service, provide support, and contact users. We may choose to share certain data with third parties in order to collect analytical information, provide services, and contact users.

Data Storage
We also collect data that you save within the service, including but not limited to user input and job information. This data is used to improve the functionality of the service and provide personalized features.

Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our service, we may collect data and information (through third-party products) on your browser called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.

Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites
This service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page (or on a similarly accessible page). These changes are effective immediately after they are posted.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at mike@boltapply.com.